## Battleship in Python
Python has a unique library known as “Turtle” which allows for simple sketches to be made. With preinstalled operations such as drawing various shapes with user-specified sizes or acting as a kind of etch-a-sketch (user specifies orientation and distance), this project is a single-player Battleship game they can use, in which the computer will randomly decide the position of their ships and the user specifies what coordinates where they believe a ship is located. A successful hit is represented by a green circle, and an unsuccessful hit is represented by a red X. 

The basics of the game we will implement are the following: The computer will decide where they will put their pieces on the grid (10 by 10 grid, coordinates are specified via inputting 1-10 (X-axis/horizontal) and a letter within A-J (Y-Axis/vertical)) which consist of: A carrier (5 spaces), a battleship (4 spaces), a cruiser (3 spaces), a submarine (3 spaces) and a destroyer (2 spaces). Occupying a total of 17 spaces and only able to be placed vertically or horizontally within the grid, the user attempts to guess where these positions are, and can choose to quit at any time. Victory is achieved by hitting all of the ships, and the accuracy of the user is returned in the form of how many shots were needed above the minimum 17 (which assumes that the player did not miss any of the ships). Upon quitting or choosing to quit the game after winning, the program will end… the user can also choose to restart the game during gameplay or after winning the game to start with new positions and a clear board. 

This project is ultimately intended to help explore the possibilities of turtle and its potential implementations and utilize the Python programming language as well as its Turtle graphics library in an entertaining manner. 
